# River intermittency

## Overview

This repository contains the R code and processed datasets used to model and visualize water presence in the riverbed of the Umbuzeiro River (Brazil) using three different models:

Model a (Sentinel-2) – using dynamic predictors based on Sentinel-based classification.

Model b (Planetscope) – using dynamic predictors based on Planetscope-based classification.

Model c (Precipitation) – using dynamic predictors based on precipitation.

The repository allows reproduction of all figures and analyses presented in the associated publication, including temporal proportions and spatial distribution of water presence. 

## Repository Structure
River_intermittency/

├─ README.md           # this file

├─ LICENSE             # code license (MIT)

├─ input/              # processed input data used in models

│   └─ LICENSE.txt     # data license (CC-BY 4.0)

├─ code/               # R markdown for models and visualization 

└─ output/             # figures and tables generated by the code




## Data
Provided input files (CSV, Excel, and shapefiles) including data aggregated per river unit used in all three models.

**License:** CC-BY 4.0 (attribution required).

## Code
R markdown file explaining the steps necessary to reproduce analyses and figures are included in the associated publication.

## Citation / Data & Code Availability
Please cite the associated publication when using this repository.

**Data and code availability:** The R code and datasets are publicly available here. Code is released under the MIT License, and input data under the CC-BY 4.0 License. 

**Contact**
For questions regarding this repository or data requests, contact:
Suziane Soares – [soaresns@alu.ufc.br]
